hi guys okay so this video is actually a
review of bare minerals foundation this
is a request from one of my favorite
times just going to talk about my
experience using bare minerals and why I
love it and why I continue to use it why
I will continue to use it and I hope
this is informative for you guys who are
interested in using this okay so very
very will started I don't know when I
was years and years and years ago I
remember I was actually an undergrad and
I stopped by to try it on I just felt
like he just made me so ashy and I was
like so worried about using it I was
like oh this is never gonna work for me
and then a few years later I think they
came out with a kid that actually
featured more darker tone so I was using
the like regular I think they just had
one generic color too generic colors for
darker skin but now they have like an
array array array array of colors in the
color i use is called warm dark um and I
absolutely love it it's poet I think
it's in the 20 22 to 26 dollars for this
foundation but it works really really
well for me um and the way i use it
actually the best way to bare minerals
products are fantastic individually
they're not dimepiece friendly but when
you buy them in kids it just it
definitely works out they last forever
you need very very little bit of price
we're like you just put it you just like
they tell you you tap and swirl you just
like this is it I would probably
wouldn't even use this much I probably
wouldn't even use this much to do my
entire face like this is actually a
little bit too much but yeah you just
tap it you swirl it and you fly to your
face and I really really really like it
um so when using bare minimums
foundation i would recommend two things
and the first thing i would recommend is
a setting spray so this is alps mineral
setting sprays three dollars a target or
on the eyes lips face website and when
you're applying this you can i don't
know i just i think i'm used to using it
anyway because when I originally was
using bare minerals they only have this
one color that wasn't quite right for my
skin tone and I would still get a little
bit as she so I would like spray it on
and that just takes
so if you ever feel like you're running
into the thing where you're running into
the place where you feel like maybe a
little bit too made up or you feel a
little bit as she or whatever so just
definitely you want to use this Brits
and spray after now but before that
before you get applying it I'm laughing
because I know there's gonna be some
judgment when I tell you what I use on
my face but I'm gonna tell you anyway so
two things I used before applying my
bare minerals foundation is one milk of
magnesia so I just take a little bit of
milk of magnesia put it on a cotton swab
and get it all over my face now milk of
magnesia definitely going to give you
you're gonna look chalky like literally
just gonna look like you've got chalk on
your face to offset that I place on top
of it this chafing relief powder job I'm
honest that don't judge me yes I use
this stuff on my face it's got the same
ingredients as many many many many of
the high-end silicon-based primers so it
just works it goes on really smooth it
just everything flows and you don't have
to deal with the issue of just there
being you having like really really oily
oily skin definitely you know you don't
have to reapply all day it keeps it up
you can of course use the bare minerals
primer they do have a primer I recommend
using a primer I didn't love that primer
because it would um leave like this film
on my face and it was like gummy almost
so I didn't love it but I love the
foundation and I found other things that
work for me so I definitely recommend
bare minerals products I recommend
getting bare minerals kits I have a lot
of like that eyeshadow kicks things like
that they have super super sales um
they're great and the kids when you buy
it bareminerals products as kids it's
dimepiece friendly vs when you're buying
individual pieces so that's my highlight
or my review I guess a bare minerals
foundation um definitely if you like it
let me know by darkness